https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-12039 (#6631)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/policy_operator.adoc

- `source`: If not specified, the catalog that contains the operator is chosen.
- `sourceNamespace`: If not specified, the namespace of the catalog that contains the operator is chosen.

| `spec.complianceConfig`
| Optional

> a| Use this parameter to define the compliance behavior for specific scenarios that are associated with operators. You can set each of the following options individually, where the supported values are `Compliant` and `NonCompliant`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this parameter to define the compliance behavior for specific scenarios that are associated with operators. You can set each of the following options individually, where the supported values are `Compliant` and `NonCompliant`:
```

Author: Thanks @oafischer Leaving this as is so that the bullet points render correctly.

- `catalogSourceUnhealthy`: Define the compliance when the catalog source for the operator is unhealthy. The default value is `Compliant` because this only affects possible upgrades.

> - `deploymentsUnavailable`: Define the compliance when the deployment(s) of the operator is not fully available. The default value is `NonCompliant` because this reflects the availability of the service that the operator provides.

Reviewer: Do we need the (s)? Sticking with singular might be easier for translation.

Reviewer 2: Could do "Define the compliance when at least one deployment of the operator is not fully available..."

Some operators will only have one deployment, some will have multiple. But if any are unavailable, this scenario will be triggered.

+
*Note:* If you define a value for `installPlanApproval`, your policy becomes non-compliant.

| `spec.complianceConfig`
| Optional
a| Use this parameter to define the compliance behavior for specific scenarios that are associated with operators. You can set each of the following options individually, where the supported values are `Compliant` and `NonCompliant`:

- `catalogSourceUnhealthy`: Define the compliance when the catalog source for the operator is unhealthy. The default value is `Compliant` because this only affects possible upgrades.

> - `deploymentsUnavailable`: Define the compliance when the deployment(s) of the operator is not fully available. The default value is `NonCompliant` because this reflects the availability of the service that the operator provides.

Author: ```suggestion
- `deploymentsUnavailable`: Define the compliance when at least one deployment of the operator is not fully available. The default value is `NonCompliant` because this reflects the availability of the service that the operator provides.
```
